Psalm 54 took a chief musician with
stringed instruments a contemplation of
David when the ZIF Ides went and said to
soul is David not hiding with us
save me O God by your name and vindicate
me by your strength hear my prayer O God
if ear to the words of my mouth for
strangers have risen up against me and
oppressors have sought after my life
they have not said God before them
behold God is my helper the Lord is with
those who uphold my life he will repay
my enemies for their evil cut them off
in your truth I will freely sacrifice to
you I will praise your name o Lord for
it is good for he has delivered me out
of all trouble and my eye has seen its
desire upon my enemies